there are several ways to make the way to santiago
the pilgrim rogério ceni has chosen a different path
I want to make a longer and more expensive way than in the year I
everything starts to talk and gives rise to the table today
the yellow shirt to know more is only in the building about the bad weather that was
case
the arrival the juninho is coming and being I would give to do often the
way of santiago
the first step was given twenty-five children
Sao paulo ae
Experts are from g1
the tournament city of santiago de compostela in dog numbering
cloned
in compostela
on our side
the car of very peculiar hospitals
coord
will be at the hotel 100
personal more intensity stay like this
60 70 80
it was in front of the hotel
start playing cards
a director from são paulo tries to hit
so he climbed the table attacking Tássio
germany was that this is an initial act
the tennis and beach volleyball tournaments
thus
what he is not
tried to make a coach sleepy
How was it possible for Joaquim de Morais that he was
in addition to being a goalkeeper coach is a trusted team person
and I knew that I was going to play
an hour and a half plus a month before departure
who was playing the game?
four minutes before the selection was a boy
in the antechamber of 20 years of age
during the goalkeeper already more careful and
and then when I get to the lecture
the team goes with so-and-so di was the first name
it's not possible
in the end it was demonstrated then these works in 2013
I would have been more worried that the second floor did not exist
the game was not televised to Brazil, the family would only know of the
debut
after the premiere
It's a pity the lack of records is lucky to be in front of someone who
remember everyone
the first bike
with 1 5 10 minutes of play
the wallet is good news
as the rural environment
it's time
came face to face with eight minutes of play the boys hit hard cross
creepy
one day made me no title did not have to do
but on the journey the ministers
debut in the club
the professional are paulo we drew the first time
if I am not mistaken at the beginning of the second time at the end of the tunnel themes
life I think the merchant but we turn
in a game 2 to 1 with a goal again
penalty kick that the tererê
and I've been playing really big
the epe in note
the guy hit in my tura corner of victor fasano efe
and we do milan training and 4 to 1
oscar made four goals was a special match
because I knew I had six months to cheat show service
o são paulo because it is always quoted in the note
with option to buy so I had six years ago show service
unfortunately some 3x4 urn
and then we are in the final against the river plate
2 to 0 the river plate with the farc
missing a year
and there in a shuffle of the goalkeeper khune was expelled
we made 2 to 2
at the end of the month
in the second time and again
airton suspended in my first professional decision by the professional
de são paulo usp josé queiroz the first two tries of carlão was committed
the third penalty shot cherry
that's why it's going to hit
lost time
ae
shortly thereafter
third by fidelity finally the penalty is all the same
the fourth penalty
they both do
and a fifth of the GDP
give you a degree per year
It's a drug he's drugging for me.
antónio williams
face that at that time
singing cup of
nobody is a photo that is a joke
as much as I did
I can not give a connotation for breaking the payment but it's already on the table who
was never quite the best player of the tournament was the way people
do not leave all
it was the most recent win the scene
best
of disease
to be part
in the beginning in a story that that athlete to do the paulo gave so
difficultly
the other athlete there to do became the greatest player of all time
Sao Paulo football club that
- we are here to discuss the importance of são paulo
for guilherme who only stayed one season in sao paulo
son of rogério even greater
he is very calm and I try to be a very focused guy
if he wants it he will until 2013 how to play with the day the team tomorrow
Every day border promoter make ankle
5th -
sarney couples sanepar torture as long as you have this black will sang
playing
geohot shot
the next report will talk about the reserves of rogério ceni
It depends on the viewpoint
we are under a lot of pressure because these are from home
It's my father and my mother because whenever I enter God's grace I can
to match the height if it was not instituted the fear of the sector today said
he
5th